Punyalan Private Limited
2017-11-17
Ranjith Sankar
Joy Thakkolkkaran (Jayasurya) after death of his wife lost his first company incense stick company. As an entrepreneur he jumps onto a second outing with using elephant urine as a soft-drink. His ideas are supported by his friends and workers Greenu sharma (Aju Varghese), Abhayakumar (Sreejith Ravi), Peer Thanesh (Dharmajan Bolgatty) etc. As usually he doesn't give consideration to how the system works and clashes with the system. When things doesn't go through his way, he forces himself to be the center of media attention and adopts the situation to make his dreams come true forms the crux of the story.
	
Theeran Adhigaaram Ondru
2017-11-17
H. Vinoth
The film begins with a scene from a police station where the inspector in charge orders that the documented criminal cases in the form of manuscript be converted into digital format. During this process, a police officer comes across a really spine chilling dacoity murder case from several years ago. After reading the case history he calls up the officer who had taken charge of the case , IPS Theeran (Karthi). The impact of the case on the Theeran's life and the way he handles the case forms the crux of the story.
	
Justice League
2017-11-17
Zack Snyder
Fueled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne enlists the help of his newfound ally, Diana Prince, to face an even greater enemy. Together, Batman and Wonder Woman work quickly to find and recruit a team of metahumans to stand against this newly awakened threat. But despite the formation of this unprecedented league of heroes--Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and The Flash--it may already be too late to save the planet from an assault of catastrophic proportions
	
Thor: Ragnarok
2017-11-03
Taika Waititi
In Marvel Studios' "Thor: Ragnarok," Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe without his mighty hammer and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok--the destruction of his homeworld and the end of Asgardian civilization--at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. But first he must survive a deadly gladiatorial contest that pits him against his former ally and fellow Avenger--the Incredible Hulk! 
